--- 
title: "COVID-19 Experience" 
description: "A day to day journal of COVID-19 experience in India" 
date: 2020-07-17T07:42:13Z 
draft: false 
---

One of my family members contacted COVID-19 while working. Not going to work was
not possible and we all knew that it is hard to avoid COVID-19 when you are
working out in the field.  Anyway, I will be tracking all the incidents related
to the COVID-19 experience of my family member and mine.

## Day: -05

He experiences slight irritation in his throat and coughs. He consulted a doctor
who owns a local clinic. Dr. suggests that the cough could be due to a change in
the weather. It is common in my family to experience cold and cough when there
is a sudden change in weather (or temperature).

A 5 days dose of antibiotic and vitamins were given to him.

## Day: -01

The cough persisted followed by loss of smell and excessive sweating.  Sweating
could be due to the medicines he was taking. But the loss of smell was a symptom
of COVID-19.

He gets himself tested for COVID-19 in the nearby fever-clinic.

## Day 00

We did not follow any social distancing at home. Idiotically assuming that it is
not COVID-19 none of us forced anyone for isolation as well.

In the evening the SMS for the test comes as `POSITIVE`. We did not panic but
started following social distancing with each other because some people in the
the family has a high risk due to underlying diseases.


## Day 01

The **Arogya Setu** app turns RED (infected) for my COVID-19 POSITIVE family
member and it turns ORANGE for other members saying HIGH RISK because of contact
with an infected person. The app also suggested us to get tested ASAP.

![Arogya Setu infected](/images/covid-19/arogya-setu-50-scaled.jpeg)

In the morning, we got a call from various officials who work in Hospital, COVID
centric departments, and police station. He was asked to provide information and
phone numbers of people who were in contact with him for the past 10 days. After
that, the officials assured that someone would call again for further
instructions.

Around 9 AM, a lady comes and inquires about the COVID positive patient. She
also pasted a poster outside my house which informs people about an infected
person. 

She is posted outside our house to make sure nobody visits my home and nobody
from inside the house goes anywhere. She told me that for every infected person
(or every infected house/family) 7 people are working.

The officials were prompt and work round the clock to give special attention to
every patient. On the call, they asked us if home quarantine is possible, since
we have shared washrooms, no room to isolate, and given the other family members
with the high risk we asked them if they can provide a bed in a hospital. 

Around 10 PM the ambulance came to take him to a Govt. COVID hospital. Where he
had a CT scan, X-RAY, and blood sample collected. Medicines and dinner was also
provided.

On the same day, my other family members and I got ourselves tested for COVID.
I'm still waiting for the result.


## Day 02

I received a few pictures from inside the COVID hospital and my family member
informed me that the hospital is taking good care of the patients. The health
professionals are working hard. The sanitation workers are doing their job
properly. He is also provided with food and snacks. I hope he recovers ASAP.


![Bed](/images/covid-19/bed.jpeg) ![Food](/images/covid-19/food.jpeg)


At home, we have to wait for the next 2-3 days to get our COVID-19 test report.
The report might get delayed due to a Sunday in between.  I feel a bit of
irritation in my throat. Apart from that everything seems fine. 

## Day 03

*Soon to be updated* 
